Weekly Changelog 2024-01-15 to 2024-01-22 (#71158)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Implement basic saline infusion to help with blood loss
Adds treetops and makes trees climbable
Allow bird wings to glide

> Did you know we didn't have any hallucinations for a while? now they're back, baby!
> Allow whitelisting and blacklisting hobbies in scenarios, professions, and globally
> EoCs support mutate_towards directly
> make `u_spawn_item` to support the item group whose subtype is `collection`
> Add u_wants_to_talk/npc_wants_to_talk EOC effects
> Flashlight Pouch added to Airsoft Helmet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow whitelisting and blacklisting hobbies in scenarios, professions, and globally
EoCs support mutate_towards directly
make `u_spawn_item` to support the item group whose subtype is `collection`
Add u_wants_to_talk/npc_wants_to_talk EOC effects
```

Modularize Desert Eagle, add .50 AE
Addition of three new, big-sized treefrog mutants. Minor tweaks to existing frog mutants.
Further pharmacological expansion infrastructure + adds a few new drugs that make use of the system

> 2 unicorn variants for plush toy item
> Previously Innawoods-only stream mutables are now in the main game
> Heavy-duty headlamp
> A few fixes I wanted to clear up before Christmas
> Add SIGHT_RANGE_FAE enchantment
> Add a new random encounter, the road tripper.
> Adds the fungal acid zombie - day tripper
> Added ASCII art for most containers
> Making Shadow Spawn Messages editable
> Proportional price change for estoc_fake is in the extend section, but should be in the proportional
> Fix the name for chewing gum item variants and adds more flavors
> Adds kantele

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSONize Electrohack Tool
Previously Innawoods-only stream mutables are now in the main game
Added ASCII art for most containers
Making Shadow Spawn Messages editable
```

[DinoMod] plesiosaurus
[MoM] Power learning revamp: Teleportation, Electrokinesis, and Telekineseis
[Xedra Evolved] Add Great Tree elemental eruption map special

> [MoM] Power learning revamp: Pyrokinesis
> [Xedra Evolved] More Paraclesian spells
> [Magiclysm] Scale Magus stat buffs with spell level
> [Xedra Evolved] Add more fae bans for post-threshold Paraclesians
> [Xedra Evolved] More Sylph traits
> Aftershock: Add the Port Augustmoon Station
> [Magiclysm] Require druid to be in natural surroundings to cast Restoration
> [Magiclysm] Add new Biomancer spells 
> [MoM] Power learning revamp: Telepathy
> [Magiclysm] Add Cleansing Flame fire trail spell
> [Magiclysm] Add MOTION_VISION_RANGE to Shaman attunement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aftershock: Add the Port Augustmoon Station
```

Visitors Passes and Freight Badges no longer reveal roads
Hub14 no longer gives infinite pricey schematics
Removed FANCY and SUPER_FANCY from a bunch of items

> added sublimbs and changed protective values for studded gloves
> Audit .357, .45, .454, 4.6, .500S&W Magazines
> Some mutagen tweaks
> Balance the energy consumption of 1-cylinder diesel engine
> Made brick constructions need smoothing 1, and concrete ones smoothing 2
> Audit 66mm, 40mm, .357SIG, .40S&W, .380, .303, .300WM Magazines
> Caltrops from nails/wire make sense
> Pianos can be fast-deconstructed and thus be moved as an item
> Obsolete trickle charger CBMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pianos can be fast-deconstructed and thus be moved as an item
Obsolete trickle charger CBMs
```

Randomizing character description will produce a matching outfit
Count charges in all nearby smoking racks to crafting inventory
Fix crash from reachability zones checking dead NPCs.

> [MoM] Check each body part for poison and badpoison
> [MoM] Fix Telekinesis Contemplation recipes
> In npctalk.cpp, some vectors' initializations are wrong
> Prevent uninitialized int
> Fix u_is_outside mutation condition crashing the game
> Fixed makeshift sieve recipe
> Remove the by-product steel blocks from the tin recipes
> [MoM] Fix Doomseer error
> fixes guilt spell to use flags
> Do not attempt initialize audio if built without
> Fixes issue where some CBMs could be taken off via forcing a pet to wear them
> You can use all kinds of ropes in all constructions now.
> Handle nullptr in spawn-monsters-submap
> monsters that regenerate in darkness would only regenerate by a single HP per turn
> actually give spells listed in hobbies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes issue where some CBMs could be taken off via forcing a pet to wear them
You can use all kinds of ropes in all constructions now.
Did you know we didn't have any hallucinations for a while? now they're back, baby!
```

Consolidate `suspendable` and `no_resume` activity parameters
Migrate names to snippets & add weighted snippets
Add `_ib` variants of coord.

> Migrate reload ammo selection menu to inventory_selector
> Remove tags from synthetic_recipe_fail_chances
> Add more exception handling so lastworld.json cannot prevent it from starting
> JSONize Electrohack Tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
